EXHIBIT
D

TAX
RECEIVABLES AGREEMENT

[See
attached]

FORM
OF

TAX
RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT

by
and among

VELOCITY
ACQUISITION CORP.,

BBQ
HOLDING, LLC,

the
several EXCHANGE TRA PARTIES (as defined herein),

the
several BLOCKER TRA PARTIES (as defined herein),

and

OTHER
PERSONS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO

Dated
as of [●], 2021

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 

2

Section 1.1.

Definitions

2

Section 1.2.

Rules of Construction

13

ARTICLE II. DETERMINATION OF REALIZED TAX BENEFIT 

14

Section 2.1.

Attribute Schedule

14

Section 2.2.

Tax Benefit Schedule

15

Section 2.3.

Procedures, Amendments

16

ARTICLE III. TAX BENEFIT PAYMENTS 

17

Section 3.1.

Timing and Amount of Tax Benefit Payments

17

Section 3.2.

No Duplicative Payments

18

Section 3.3.

Pro Rata Payments

18

Section 3.4.

BCA Basis. 

19

Section 3.5.

Withholding

20

ARTICLE IV. TERMINATION 

20

Section 4.1.

Early Termination of Agreement; Breach of Agreement

20

Section 4.2.

Early Termination Notice

21

Section 4.3.

Payment upon Early Termination

21

ARTICLE V. SUBORDINATION; CERTAIN TAX COVENANTS; LATE PAYMENTS

 22

Section 5.1.

Subordination

22

Section 5.2.

Certain Tax Covenants

22

Section 5.3.

Late Payments by PubCo

23

ARTICLE VI. TAX MATTERS; CONSISTENCY; COOPERATION 

23

Section 6.1.

Participation in PubCo’s and the Company’s Tax Matters

23

Section 6.2.

Reconciliation

24

Section 6.3.

Consistency

24

Section 6.4.

Cooperation

25

Section 6.5.

Election Under Section 754 of the Code

25

Section 6.6.

Change in Tax Law

25

ARTICLE VII. MISCELLANEOUS 

25

Section 7.1.

Notices

25

Section 7.2.

Counterparts

26

Section 7.3.

Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries

26

Section 7.4.

Governing Law

26

i

Section 7.5.

Severability

26

Section 7.6.

Assignments; Amendments; Successors; No Waiver

27

Section 7.7.

Titles and Subtitles

27

Section 7.8.

Resolution of Disputes

27

Section 7.9.

Waiver of Jury Trial

28

Section 7.10.

Confidentiality

29

Section 7.11.

Interest Rate Limitation

29

Section 7.12.

Independent Nature of Rights and Obligations

30

Section 7.13.

TRA Party Representative.

30

Annexes
and Exhibits

Annex
 A

-

Exchange
 TRA Parties

Annex
 B

-

Blocker
 TRA Parties

Exhibit
 A

-

Form
 of Joinder

ii

TAX
RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT

This TAX RECEIVABLE AGREEMENT (as the same may be amended, restated,
amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this “Agreement”), dated [●], 2021,
is hereby entered into by and among Velocity Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (“PubCo”), BBQ Holding, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (“Company”), each of the Exchange TRA Parties from time to time party hereto,
each of the Blocker TRA Parties from time to time party hereto, and Steve Lebowitz, in his capacity as TRA Party Representative. Capitalized
terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in Section 1.01.

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
certain of the Blocker TRA Parties were previously direct or indirect owners of the Blocker, and as a result of their previous ownership
of the Blocker, the Blocker TRA Parties previously indirectly held interests in the Company through the Blocker;

WHEREAS,
the Exchange TRA Parties hold (or prior to an Exchange will hold) Units;

WHEREAS,
the Company is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

WHEREAS,
the Blocker is classified as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes;

[[WHEREAS,
as a result of certain restructuring transactions undertaken prior to the Business Combination, BVP BBQ Investors, LP distributed all
of the Original Units it held in the Company to the Exchange TRA Parties and the Blocker and liquidated immediately thereafter (the “Liquidation”)]];

WHEREAS, following the Liquidation, PubCo, the Company, the Blocker,
Blocker Merger Sub, Company Merger Sub, and BVP BBQ General Partner, LLC entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated
as of July 20, 2021 (the “Business Combination Agreement”), pursuant to which (i) the Blocker Merger Sub merged with
and into the Blocker, with the Blocker surviving, (ii) the Blocker subsequently merged with and into PubCo, with PubCo surviving, and
(iii) the Company Merger Sub merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a Subsidiary of PubCo (the “Business
Combination”);

WHEREAS,
following the Business Combination, PubCo will hold Units in the Company and will be the sole Manager of the Company;

WHEREAS,
in connection with the Closing, PubCo is properly treated for U.S. federal income Tax purposes as contributing money or property to the
Company in exchange for Units under Section 721 of the Code, and will therefore be entitled to obtain the benefit of the BCA Basis;

WHEREAS,
as a result of the Business Combination, PubCo will (i) be entitled to utilize the Blocker Pre-BCA NOLs and (ii) obtain the benefit of
the Blocker Transferred Basis;

1

WHEREAS,
following the Business Combination, the Exchange TRA Parties will, pursuant to, and subject to the provisions of, the Company LLC Agreement
and the Exchange Agreement, have the right from time to time to require the Company to redeem (a “Redemption”) all
or a portion of such TRA Party’s Units for shares of Class A common stock of PubCo or cash, in each case at the option of PubCo,
which Redemption may be effected by PubCo effecting a direct exchange (a “Direct Exchange”) of shares of Class A Common
Stock of PubCo for such Units;

WHEREAS,
the Company and each of its direct and indirect Subsidiaries treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income Tax purposes will have
in effect an election under Section 754 of the Code, for each Taxable Year that includes the closing date of the Business Combination
and for each Taxable Year in which an Exchange occurs;

WHEREAS,
as a result of an Exchange, PubCo will be entitled to use the Exchange Basis and the Basis Adjustments relating to such Units in the
Exchange;

WHEREAS,
the income, gain, loss, expense, deduction and other Tax items of PubCo may be affected by (i) the BCA Basis, (ii) Blocker Pre-BCA NOLs,
(iii) the Blocker Transferred Basis, (iv) the Exchange Basis, (v) the Basis Adjustments and (vi) the Imputed Interest (collectively,
the “Relevant Tax Attributes”);

WHEREAS,
the parties to this Agreement desire to make certain arrangements with respect to the effect of the Relevant Tax Attributes on the liability
for Taxes of PubCo;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in connection with the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

Section
1.1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the terms set forth in this
Article I shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both (i) the singular and plural and (ii) the
active and passive forms of the terms defined).

“Actual
Tax Liability” means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the actual liability for Taxes of (a) PubCo and (b) without duplication,
the Company, but in the case of this clause (b) only with respect to Taxes imposed on the Company and allocable to PubCo (as reasonably
determined by PubCo); provided, that the actual liability for Taxes described in clauses (a) and (b) shall be calculated (i) using the
Assumed State and Local Tax Rate, solely for purposes of calculating the state and local Actual Tax Liability of PubCo and the Company,
and (ii) assuming, solely for purposes of calculating the liability for U.S. federal income Taxes, in order to prevent double counting,
that state and local income and franchise Taxes are not deductible by PubCo for U.S. federal income Tax purposes.

“Advance
Payment” is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement.

2

“Affiliate”
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled
by, or is under common Control with, such first Person.

“Agreed
Rate” means a per annum rate of LIBOR plus 100 basis points.

“Agreement”
is defined in the preamble.

“Amended
Schedule” is defined in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement.

“Assumed
State and Local Tax Rate” means the tax rate equal to the sum of the product of (x) PubCo’s income and franchise Tax
apportionment rate(s) for each state and local jurisdiction in which PubCo or the company (or any of their Subsidiaries that are treated
as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal or applicable state or local tax purposes) files income or franchise Tax Returns
for the relevant Taxable Year and (y) the highest corporate income and franchise Tax rate(s) for each such state and local jurisdiction
in which PubCo, the Company, or such applicable Subsidiaries file income or franchise Tax Returns for each relevant Taxable Year; provided,
that solely in respect of PubCo, to the extent that state and local income and franchise Taxes are deductible for U.S. federal income
tax purposes by PubCo for the relevant Taxable Year, the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate calculated pursuant to the foregoing shall
be reduced by the assumed federal income Tax benefit received by PubCo with respect to state and local jurisdiction income and franchise
Taxes (with such benefit calculated as the product of (a) PubCo’s marginal U.S. federal income tax rate for the relevant Taxable
Year and (b) the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate (without regard to this proviso)).

“Attributable”
means the portion of any Relevant Tax Attribute of PubCo that is “Attributable” to the Blocker TRA Parties or to any present
or former Exchange TRA Party, as the case may be, determined under the following principles:

(i)
Any Blocker Pre-BCA NOLs shall be determined separately with respect to each Blocker TRA Party and is Attributable to each Blocker TRA
Party in proportion to the Blocker Owner’s Pro Rata Percentage corresponding to such Blocker TRA Party as determined immediately
prior to the Business Combination;

(ii)
Any Blocker Transferred Basis shall be determined separately with respect to each Blocker TRA Party and is Attributable to each Blocker
TRA Party in proportion to the Blocker Owner’s Pro Rata Percentage corresponding to such Blocker TRA Party as determined immediately
prior to the Business Combination;

(iii)
Any BCA Basis shall be determined separately with respect to each Exchange TRA Party and is Attributable to each Exchange TRA Party in
an amount equal to the product of the total BCA Basis and the BCA Basis Percentage of such Exchange TRA Party.

(iv)
 Any Exchange Basis shall be determined separately with respect to each Exchange TRA Party and is Attributable to each Exchange TRA Party
in proportion to the Company Unitholder’s Pro Rata Percentage corresponding to such Exchange TRA Party;

3

(v)
The Basis Adjustments shall be determined separately with respect to each Exchange TRA Party in an amount equal to the total Basis
Adjustment relating to such Units delivered to PubCo by such Exchange TRA Party in the Exchange (for the avoidance of doubt, with
respect to any Basis Adjustments attributable to a distribution or redemption under Section 734(b) of the Code, the Exchange TRA
Holder shall be the holder of Units relinquishing its interest in the Reference Asset); and

(vi)
any deduction to PubCo with respect to a Taxable Year in respect of Imputed Interest is Attributable to the Person that is required to
include the Imputed Interest in income (without regard to whether such Person is actually subject to Tax thereon).

“Bankruptcy
Code” means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled “Bankruptcy.”

“Basis
Adjustment” means the increase or decrease to the tax basis of, or PubCo’s share of, the tax basis of the Reference Assets
(i) under Section 734(b), 743(b) and 754 of the Code and, in each case, the comparable sections of U.S. state and local tax law (in situations
where, following an Exchange, the Company remains a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and (ii) under Sections 732, 734(b)
and 1012 of the Code and, in each case, the comparable sections of U.S. state and local tax law (in situations where, as a result of
one or more Exchanges, the Company becomes an entity that is disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes),
in each case, as a result of any Exchange and any payments made under this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
the amount of any Basis Adjustment resulting from an Exchange of one or more Units shall be determined without regard to any Pre-Exchange
Transfer of such Units and as if any such Pre-Exchange Transfer had not occurred. The amount of any Basis Adjustment shall be determined
using the Market Value at the time of the Exchange.

“Basis
Schedule” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of this Agreement.

“BCA
Basis” means the Tax basis in the Reference Assets that are amortizable under Section 197 of the Code or that are otherwise
reported as amortizable on IRS Form 4562 for U.S. federal income Tax purposes to the extent depreciation or amortization with respect
to such basis will be allocable to PubCo (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as a result of Section 704(c) of the Code) as a result
of PubCo’s acquisition of Units pursuant to the Business Combination.

“BCA
Basis Percentage” means in respect of an Exchange TRA Party, the Company Unitholder’s Pro Rata Percentage corresponding
to such Exchange TRA Party.

“Blocker”
means BVP BBQ Blocker, LP, a Delaware limited partnership that has elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.

“Blocker Merger Sub” means VBLG Blocker Merger Sub,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

“Blocker
Owner’s Pro Rata Percentage” has the meaning set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.

4

“Blocker
Pre-BCA NOLs” means, any net operating loss, capital loss, charitable deduction, disallowed interest expense under Section
163(j) of the Code, or tax credit of the Blocker or its successor that has accrued or otherwise relates to taxable periods (or portions
thereof) beginning prior to the Closing Date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Transaction Tax Deductions to which PubCo is
entitled as a successor of the Blocker); provided, that, in the case of a taxable period of the Blocker beginning on or prior to the
Closing Date and ending after the Closing Date (a “Blocker Straddle Period”), the attributes of the Blocker that are
treated as accruing or otherwise relating to a taxable period (or portion thereof) beginning prior to the Closing Date shall for purposes
of this Agreement be calculated based on an interim closing of the books as of the close of the Closing Date (and for such purpose, the
taxable period of any partnership or other passthrough entity in which the Blocker owns a beneficial interest shall be deemed to terminate
at such time), except that the amount of exemptions, allowances or deductions that are calculated on an annual basis, such as the deduction
for depreciation, with respect to such Blocker Straddle Period for property placed into service prior to the Closing Date shall be treated
as apportioned on a daily basis.

“Blocker
Straddle Period” is defined in the definition of “Blocker Pre-BCA Covered Tax Assets.”

“Blocker
TRA Parties” means the Persons listed in Annex B.

“Blocker
Transferred Basis” means the Tax basis of the Reference Assets that are amortizable under Section 197 of the Code or that are
otherwise reported as amortizable on IRS Form 4562 for U.S. federal income Tax purposes relating to the Units previously held by the
Blocker and acquired by PubCo in connection with the Business Combination, in each case, determined as of immediately prior to the Business
Combination.

“Board”
means the board of directors of PubCo.

“Business
Combination” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

“Business
Combination Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

“Business
Day” has the meaning set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.

“Change
of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events or series of related events after the date hereof:

(i)
any
 Person, or group of Persons acting together which would constitute a “group”
 for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act (as defined in the Exchange Agreement),
 or any successor provisions thereto, is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly,
 of securities of PubCo representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of PubCo’s
 then-outstanding voting securities (other than a group formed pursuant to the Investor Rights
 Agreement);

5

(ii)
there
 is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar business transaction involving PubCo with
 any other Person or Persons, and, either (a) the Board of PubCo immediately prior to the
 merger or consolidation does not constitute at least a majority of the board of directors
 of the company surviving the merger or, if the surviving company is a subsidiary, the ultimate
 parent thereof, or (b) immediately after the consummation of such transaction, the voting
 securities of PubCo immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to represent or
 are not converted into more than 50% of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding
 voting securities of the Person resulting from such transaction or, if the surviving company
 is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof; or

(iii)
the
 shareholders of PubCo approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of PubCo or there
 is consummated an agreement or series of related agreements for the sale or other disposition,
 directly or indirectly, by PubCo of all or substantially all of PubCo’s assets (including
 a sale of assets of the Company), other than such sale or other disposition by PubCo of all
 or substantially all of PubCo’s assets to an entity at least fifty percent (50%) of
 the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by shareholders of
 PubCo in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of PubCo immediately prior
 to such sale.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, except with respect to clause (iii) above, a “Change of Control” shall not be deemed to have occurred (x)
by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the ultimate beneficial
owners of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue
to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in and voting control over, and own substantially all of the shares or equity
of, an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of PubCo immediately following such transaction or series of transactions
or (y) by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of transactions, immediately following which, PubCo and one or more
other entities (the “Other Constituent Companies”) shall have become separate wholly-owned Subsidiaries of a holding
company, and the ultimate beneficial owners of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction
or series of transactions, together with the ultimate beneficial owners of the outstanding equity interests in the Other Constituent
Companies immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions, shall have become the equityholders of the new holding company
in exchange for their respective equity interests in PubCo and the Other Constituent Companies, and such transaction or transactions
would not otherwise constitute a “Change of Control” assuming references to PubCo are references to such holding company.

“Class
A Common Stock” means Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of PubCo.

“Class
B Common Stock” means Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of PubCo.

“Closing”
has the meaning set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.

“Closing
Date” has the meaning set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.

“Code”
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

6

“Company
Unitholder’s Pro Rata Percentage” has the meaning set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.

“Covered
Person” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.13(d).

“Company
LLC Agreement” means that certain Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as
of the date hereof, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time.

“Company Merger Sub” means VBLG Merger Sub, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company.

“Control”
means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether
through ownership of voting securities, by contract or other agreement.

“Cumulative
Net Realized Tax Benefit” as of the end of a Taxable Year means the cumulative amount of Realized Tax Benefits for all Taxable
Years of PubCo (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Taxable Years of the Blocker ending on the Closing Date), up to and including
such Taxable Year, net of the cumulative amount of Realized Tax Detriments of PubCo for the same period. The Realized Tax Benefit and
Realized Tax Detriment for each Taxable Year shall be based on the most recent Tax Benefit Schedules or Amended Schedules, if any, in
existence at the time of such determination.

“Default
Rate” means a per annum rate of LIBOR plus 500 basis points.

“Determination”
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1313(a) of the Code or similar provision of law, as applicable, or any other
event that finally and conclusively establishes the amount of any liability for tax and shall also include the acquiescence of PubCo
to the amount of any assessed liability for Tax.

“Direct
Exchange” is defined in the recitals to this agreement.

“Early
Termination Agreed Rate” means LIBOR plus 100 basis points.

“Early
Termination Date” means the date of an Early Termination Notice for purposes of determining the Early Termination Payment.

“Early
Termination Effective Date” is defined in Section 4.2 of this Agreement.

“Early
Termination Notice” is defined in Section 4.2 of this Agreement.

“Early
Termination Payment” is defined in Section 4.3(b) of this Agreement.

“Early
Termination Rate” means the lesser of (i) 6.50% per annum, compounded annually, and (ii) the Early Termination Agreed Rate.

7

“Early
Termination Schedule” is defined in Section 4.2 of this Agreement.

“Exchange”
means any Direct Exchange or Redemption or taxable purchase (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) of Units by PubCo from
an Exchange TRA Party.

“Exchange
Agreement” means that certain Exchange Agreement of the Company, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company, PubCo
and the holders of Units from time to time party thereto, as such agreement may be further amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise
modified from time to time.

“Exchange
Basis” means the Tax basis of the Reference Assets that are amortizable under Section 197 of the Code or that are otherwise
reported as amortizable on IRS Form 4562 for U.S. federal income Tax purposes associated with the Units transferred upon an Exchange,
determined as of the time immediately prior to the Business Combination; provided, that any Tax basis included in BCA Basis Attributable
to the Exchange TRA Parties shall be excluded from the determination of the Exchange Basis.

“Exchange
Date” means the date of any Exchange.

“Exchange
TRA Parties” means the Persons listed on Annex A.1

“Expert”
is defined in Section 6.2 of this Agreement.

“Forfeited
Percentage” is defined in Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

“Forfeited
Shares” is defined in Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

“Hypothetical
Tax Liability” means, with respect to any Taxable Year, the liability for Taxes of (a) PubCo and (b) without duplication, the
Company, but in the case of this clause (b) only with respect to Taxes imposed on the Company and allocable to PubCo, in each case using
the same methods, elections, conventions, and practices used on the relevant PubCo Tax Return; provided, that the liability for Taxes
described in clauses (a) and (b) shall be calculated (i) without taking into account the Blocker Pre-BCA NOLs (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, any carryforward or carryback of any tax item attributable to the Blocker Pre-BCA NOLs), (ii) assuming the BCA Basis, Blocker
Transferred Basis and Exchange Basis are zero, (iii) using the Non-Stepped Up Tax Basis as reflected on the Basis Schedule including
any amendments thereto for the Taxable Year, (iv) excluding any deduction attributable to Imputed Interest attributable to any payment
made under this Agreement for the Taxable Year, (v) using the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate, solely for purposes of calculating the
state and local hypothetical tax liability of PubCo and the Company, and (vi) assuming, solely for purposes of calculating the liability
for U.S. federal income Taxes, in order to prevent double counting, that state and local income and franchise Taxes are not deductible
by PubCo for U.S. federal income Tax purposes.

1
Note
to Draft: To include non-Blocker TRA parties.

8

“Imputed
Interest” in respect of a TRA Party shall mean any interest imputed under Sections 1272, 1274 or 483 or other provisions of
the Code with respect to PubCo’s payment obligations in respect of such TRA Party under this Agreement.

“Interest
Amount” is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement.

“Interest
Sale” is defined in Section 5.2(c) of this Agreement.

“Investor
Rights Agreement” means the Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among PubCo and the other persons
party thereto or that may become parties thereto from time to time, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise
modified, from time to time.

“IRS”
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.

“Joinder”
means a joinder to this Agreement, in form and substance substantially similar to Exhibit A to this Agreement.

“LIBOR”
means during any period, an interest rate per annum equal to the one-year LIBOR which appears on the Bloomberg Page BBAM1 (or on such
other substitute Bloomberg page that displays rates at which U.S. dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank
deposit market), or the rate which is quoted by another source selected by PubCo and approved by the TRA Party Representative (such approval
not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) as an authorized information vendor for the purpose of displaying rates at which
U.S. dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market (an “Alternate Source”),
at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such period as the one-year London interbank
offered rate for U.S. dollars having a borrowing date and a maturity comparable to such period (or if there shall at any time, for any
reason, no longer exist a Bloomberg Page BBAM1 (or any substitute page) or any Alternate Source, a comparable replacement rate determined
by PubCo at such time and approved by the TRA Party Representative (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed));
provided, that at no time shall LIBOR be less than 0%. If PubCo has made the determination (such determination to be conclusive absent
manifest error) that LIBOR is no longer a widely recognized benchmark rate for newly originated loans in the U.S. loan market in U.S.
dollars, then PubCo shall, subject to the prior written consent of the TRA Party Representative, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed, establish a replacement interest rate (the “Replacement Rate”), after giving
due consideration to any evolving or then prevailing conventions for similar loans in the U.S. loan market in U.S. dollars for such alternative
benchmark, and including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then prevailing
convention for similar loans in the U.S. loan market in U.S. dollars for such benchmark, which adjustment, method for calculating such
adjustment and benchmark shall be published on an information service as selected from time to time by PubCo. The Replacement Rate shall,
subject to the next two sentences, replace LIBOR for all purposes under this Agreement. In connection with the establishment and application
of the Replacement Rate, this Agreement shall be amended, with the consent of PubCo and the Company, as necessary or appropriate, in
the reasonable judgment of PubCo, to replace the definition of LIBOR and otherwise to effect the provisions of this definition. The Replacement
Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that, in each case, if PubCo determines that such market
practice is not administratively feasible for PubCo, such Replacement Rate shall be applied as otherwise reasonably determined by PubCo.

9

“Market
Value” means as of the applicable Exchange Date or an Early Termination Date, the price for a share of Class A Common Stock
(or any class of stock into which it has been converted) as reflected on the U.S. securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock
is listed, as reported on bloomberg.com or such other reliable source as determined by the Manager (as defined in the Company LLC Agreement)
in good faith, at the close of trading on the last full Trading Day (as defined in the Company LLC Agreement) immediately prior to such
Exchange Date or Early Termination Date, subject to appropriate and equitable adjustment for any stock splits, reverse splits, stock
dividends or similar events affecting the Class A Common Stock. In the event the shares of Class A Common Stock are not publicly traded
as of such Early Termination Date, then the Manager (as defined in the LLC Agreement) shall determine the Market Value in good faith.

“Member”
has the meaning set forth in the Company LLC Agreement.

“Net
Tax Benefit” is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement.

“Non-Stepped
Up Tax Basis” means, with respect to any Reference Asset at the time of an Exchange, the Tax basis that such asset would have
had at such time if no Basis Adjustments had been made.

“Objection
Notice” is defined in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement.

“Original
Units” has the meaning set forth in the Company LLC Agreement.

“Permitted
Transfer” has the meaning set forth in the Company LLC Agreement.

“Permitted
Transferee” has the meaning set forth in the Company LLC Agreement.

“Person”
means any individual, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, estate, trust, business association,
organization, governmental entity or other entity.

“Pre-Exchange
Transfer” means any transfer of one or more Units (including upon the death of a Member) (i) that occurs after the Business
Combination but prior to a Redemption or Direct Exchange or other Exchange of such Units and (ii) to which Section 743(b) of the Code
applies (other than such a transfer giving rise to basis adjustments described under Section 1.743-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations).

“PubCo”
is has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.

“Realized
Tax Benefit” means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if any, of the Hypothetical Tax Liability over the Actual Tax Liability.
If all or a portion of the actual liability for such Taxes for the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by a Taxing Authority
of any Taxable Year, such liability shall not be included in determining the Realized Tax Benefit until there has been a Determination.

10

“Realized
Tax Detriment” means, for a Taxable Year, the excess, if any, of the Actual Tax Liability over the Hypothetical Tax Liability.
If all or a portion of the actual liability for such Taxes for the Taxable Year arises as a result of an audit by a Taxing Authority
of any Taxable Year, such liability shall not be included in determining the Realized Tax Detriment unless and until there has been a
Determination.

“Reconciliation
Dispute” is defined in Section 6.2 of this Agreement.

“Reconciliation
Procedures” is defined in Section 2.3(a) of this Agreement.

“Redemption”
has the meaning in the recitals to this Agreement.

“Reference
Asset” means any tangible or intangible asset (including for this purpose any items of deferred revenue and any adjustments
under Section 481 of the Code) of the Company or any of its successors or assigns, and any asset held by any entities in which the Company
owns a direct or indirect equity interest that are treated as a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income Tax purposes
(but only to the extent such entities are held only through other entities treated as partnerships or disregarded entities) for purposes
of the applicable Tax, as of the time immediately prior to the Business Combination or on an Exchange Date, as applicable. A Reference
Asset also includes any asset that is “substituted basis property” under Section 7701(a)(42) of the Code with respect to
a Reference Asset.

“Relevant
Tax Attribute” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

“Schedule”
means any of the following: (i) a Basis Schedule, (ii) a Tax Benefit Schedule, or (iii) the Early Termination Schedule and, in each case,
any amendments thereto.

“Section
734(b) Exchange” means any Exchange that results in a Basis Adjustment under Section 734(b) of the Code.

“Senior
Obligations” is defined in Section 5.1 of this Agreement.

“Subsidiary”
means, with respect to any Person and as of the date of any determination, any other Person as to which such Person, owns, directly or
indirectly, or otherwise controls, more than 50% of the voting power or other similar interests, or the sole general partner interest,
or managing member or similar interest, of such Person.

“Tax
Benefit Payment” is defined in Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement.

“Tax
Benefit Schedule” is defined in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement.

“Tax
Return” means any return, declaration, report or similar statement filed or required to be filed with respect to Taxes (including
any attached schedules), including any information return, claim for refund, amended return and declaration of estimated Tax.

11

“Taxable
Year” means a taxable year of PubCo under the Code or comparable sections of U.S. state or local or foreign tax law, as applicable
(which, therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, may include a period of less than 12 months for which a Tax Return is made), after the
Closing Date.

“Taxes”
means any and all United States federal, state, or local taxes, assessments or other charges that are based on or measured with respect
to net income or profits (including alternative minimum taxes and any franchise taxes imposed in lieu of an income tax), including, in
each case, any related interest, penalties or additions to tax.

“Taxing
Authority” means any national, federal, state, county, municipal, or local government, or any subdivision, agency, commission
or authority thereof, or any quasi-governmental body, or any other authority of any kind, exercising regulatory or other authority in
relation to tax matters.

“Threshold
Exchange Units” is defined in Section 3.4 of this Agreement.

“TRA
Parties” means (i) the Blocker TRA Parties and (ii) the Exchange TRA Parties.

“TRA
Party Representative” means, initially, Steve Lebowitz, and thereafter, that TRA Party or committee of TRA Parties determined
from time to time by a plurality vote of the TRA Parties ratably in accordance with their right to receive Early Termination Payments
hereunder if all Exchange TRA Parties had fully Exchanged their Units for Class A Common Stock or other consideration and PubCo had exercised
its right of early termination on the date of the most recent Exchange.

“Transaction
Tax Deductions” has the meaning set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.

“Treasury
Regulations” means the final, temporary, and (to the extent they can be relied upon) proposed regulations under the Code, as
promulgated from time to time (including corresponding provisions and succeeding provisions) as in effect for the relevant taxable period.

“Units”
has the meaning set forth in the Company LLC Agreement.

“U.S.”
means the United States of America.

“Valuation
Assumptions” means, as of an Early Termination Date, the assumptions that:

(i)
in
 each Taxable Year ending on or after such Early Termination Date, PubCo will have taxable
 income sufficient to fully use the Tax items arising from the Relevant Tax Attributes (other
 than any items addressed in clause (iv) below) during such Taxable Year or future Taxable
 Years (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Basis Adjustments and Imputed Interest that
 would result from future payments made under this Agreement that would be paid in accordance
 with the Valuation Assumptions) in which such deductions would become available;

(ii)
the
 U.S. federal income tax rates that will be in effect for each such Taxable Year will be those
 specified for each such Taxable Year by the Code and other law as in effect on the Early
 Termination Date, except to the extent any change to such tax rates for such Taxable Year
 have already been enacted into law;

12

(iii)
all
 taxable income of PubCo will be subject to the maximum applicable Tax rate for U.S. federal
 income Tax purposes throughout the relevant period, and the Tax rate for U.S. state and local
 income Taxes shall be the Assumed State and Local Tax Rate as in effect for the Taxable Year
 of the Early Termination Date;

(iv)
any
 net operating loss, excess interest deduction, or credit carryovers or carrybacks (or similar
 items with respect to carryovers or carrybacks) generated by any Blocker Pre-BCA NOLs or
 loss carryovers generated by deductions arising from any Relevant Tax Attributes or Imputed
 Interest that are available as of the Early Termination Date will be used by PubCo on a pro
 rata basis in the earliest possible Taxable Year permitted by the Code and the Treasury Regulations;

(v)
any
 non-amortizable assets (including the stock in any Subsidiary treated as a PubCo for Tax
 purposes) will be disposed of in a fully taxable transaction for an amount sufficient to
 fully utilize the adjusted basis for such assets, including any adjustments attributable
 to such assets under Sections 734 and 743 of the Code (and, in each case, the comparable
 sections of U.S. state and local Tax law), and for the avoidance of doubt including Basis
 Adjustments, on the fifteenth anniversary of the Closing Date; provided, that in the event
 of a Change of Control that includes the sale of such asset (or the sale of equity interests
 in a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes that directly
 or indirectly owns such asset), such non-amortizable assets shall be disposed of at the time
 of the direct or indirect sale of the relevant asset in such Change of Control (if earlier
 than such fifteenth anniversary) for such price;

(vi)
if,
 on the Early Termination Date, any Exchange TRA Party has Units that have not been Exchanged,
 then such Units shall be deemed to be Exchanged for the Market Value that would be received
 by such Exchange TRA Party if such Units had been Exchanged on the Early Termination Date,
 and such Exchange TRA Party shall be deemed to receive the amount of cash such Exchange TRA
 Party would have been entitled to pursuant to Section 4.3(a) had such Units actually
 been Exchanged on the Early Termination Date; and

(vii)
any
 payment obligations pursuant to this Agreement will be satisfied on the date that any Tax
 Return to which such payment obligation relates is required to be filed excluding any extensions.

Section
1.2. Rules of Construction. Unless otherwise specified herein:

(a)
The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms.

(b)
For purposes of interpretation of this Agreement:

(i)
The words “herein,” “hereto,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and words of similar import when
used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof.

13

(ii)
References in this Agreement to a Schedule, Article, Section, clause or sub-clause refer to the appropriate Schedule to, or Article,
Section, clause or subclause in, this Agreement.

(iii)
References in this Agreement to dollars or “$” refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America.

(iv)
The terms “include” and “including” are by way of example and not limitation.

(v)
The term “documents” includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements
and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form.

(vi)
References to any Person shall include the successors and permitted assigns of such Person.

(c)
In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from
and including;” the words “to” and “until” each mean “to but excluding;” and the word “through”
means “to and including.”

(d)
Section headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

(e)
Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (i) references to organization documents (including the Company LLC Agreement), agreements
(including this Agreement) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions,
supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other
modifications are permitted hereby; and (ii) references to any law (including the Code and the Treasury Regulations) shall include all
statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such law.

ARTICLE
II.

DETERMINATION OF REALIZED TAX BENEFIT

Section
2.1. Attribute Schedule. Following the Closing Date, within ninety (90)
calendar days after the filing of IRS Form 1120 (or any successor form) of PubCo for a given Taxable Year, PubCo shall deliver to the
TRA Party Representative a schedule (the “Basis Schedule”) that shows, in reasonable detail necessary to perform the
calculations required by this Agreement, (i) the Blocker Transferred Basis of the Reference Assets in respect of the Blocker TRA Parties,
if any, (ii) the BCA Basis of the Reference Assets in respect of the TRA Parties, if any, (iii) the Exchange Basis of the Reference Assets
in respect of the Exchange TRA Parties, if any, (iv) the Basis Adjustment with respect to the Reference Assets in respect of the Exchange
TRA Parties as a result of the Exchanges effected in such Taxable Year or any prior Taxable Year by an Exchange TRA Party, if any, calculated
in the aggregate, (v) the Non-Stepped Up Tax Basis of the Reference Assets in respect of the Exchange TRA Parties as of each applicable
Exchange Date, if any, (vi) the period (or periods) over which the Reference Assets in respect of the TRA Parties are amortizable and/or
depreciable and (vii) the period (or periods) over which the Blocker Transferred Basis, the BCA Basis, the Exchange Basis, and each Basis
Adjustment in respect of the TRA Parties is amortizable and/or depreciable. The Attribute Schedule shall also list any limitations on
the ability of PubCo to utilize any Relevant Tax Attributes under applicable laws (including as a result of the operation of Section
382 of the Code or Section 383 of the Code). All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the provision and preparation of the
Basis Schedules and Tax Benefit Schedules in compliance with this Agreement shall be borne by the Company.

14

Section
2.2. Tax Benefit Schedule.

(a)
Tax Benefit Schedule. Following the Closing Date, within ninety (90) calendar days after the filing of the Form 1120 (or any successor
form) of PubCo for any Taxable Year, PubCo shall provide to the TRA Party Representative a schedule showing, in reasonable detail necessary
to perform the calculations under this Agreement, the calculation of the Tax Benefit Payment in respect of each TRA Party for such Taxable
Year and the calculation of the Realized Tax Benefit and Realized Tax Detriment and the components thereof for such Taxable Year (a “Tax
Benefit Schedule”). Each Tax Benefit Schedule will become final as provided in Section 2.3(a) and may be amended as
provided in Section 2.3(b) (subject to the procedures set forth in Section 2.3(b)).

(b)
Applicable Principles.

(i)
General. Subject to Section 3.3, the Realized Tax Benefit (or the Realized Tax Detriment) for each Taxable Year is intended
to measure the decrease (or increase) in the actual liability for Taxes of PubCo for such Taxable Year attributable to the Relevant Tax
Attributes, determined using a “with and without” methodology. Carryovers or carrybacks of any Tax item attributable to any
of the Relevant Tax Attributes shall be considered to be subject to the rules of the Code and the Treasury Regulations or the appropriate
provisions of U.S. state and local income and franchise Tax law, as applicable, governing the use, limitation and expiration of carryovers
or carrybacks of the relevant type. If a carryover or carryback of any Tax item includes a portion that is attributable to any Relevant
Tax Attribute and another portion that is not, such portions shall be considered to be used in accordance with the “with and without”
methodology. The parties agree that (A) all Tax Benefit Payments (other than Imputed Interest thereon) attributable to Blocker Transferred
Basis or Blocker Pre-BCA NOLs will be treated as other property or money for purposes of Section 356(a) of the Code received in the Business
Combination, (B) all Tax Benefit Payments (other than Imputed Interest thereon) attributable to the BCA Basis Attributable to the Blocker
TRA Parties (with respect to the Units acquired by PubCo in the Business Combination) will be treated as other property or money for
purposes of Section 356(a) of the Code received in the Business Combination, (C) all Tax Benefit Payments (other than Imputed Interest
thereon) attributable to the Exchange Basis or Basis Adjustments (other than Basis Adjustments resulting from Tax Benefit Payments attributable
to the BCA Basis) will be treated as subsequent upward purchase price adjustments with respect to the Units exchanged in the applicable
Exchange that have the effect of creating additional Basis Adjustments to the Reference Assets for PubCo in the year of payment, (D)
all Tax Benefit Payments (other than Imputed Interest thereon) attributable to the BCA Basis Attributable to an Exchange TRA Holder will
be treated as subsequent upward purchase price adjustments with respect to the Threshold Exchange Units that have the effect of creating
additional Basis Adjustments to Reference Assets for PubCo in the year of payment, (E) any additional Basis Adjustments under the foregoing
clauses (C) and (D) will be incorporated into the current year calculation and into future year calculations, as appropriate, and (F)
the Actual Tax Liability will take into account the deduction of the portion of the Tax Benefit Payment that must be accounted for as
Imputed Interest.

15

(ii)
Applicable Principles for Section 734(b) Exchanges. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, the foregoing
treatment set out in Section 2.3(b)(i) shall not be required to apply to payments hereunder to an Exchange TRA Party in respect
of a Section 734(b) Exchange by such Exchange TRA Party. For the avoidance of doubt, payments made under this Agreement relating to a
Section 734(b) Exchange shall not be treated as resulting in a Basis Adjustment to the extent such payments are treated as Imputed Interest.
The parties intend that (A) an Exchange TRA Party that has made a Section 734(b) Exchange shall, with respect to the Basis Adjustment
resulting from such Section 734(b) Exchange or any payments hereunder in respect of such Section 734(b) Exchange, be entitled to Tax
Benefit Payments attributable to such Basis Adjustments only to the extent such Basis Adjustments are allocable to PubCo following such
Section 734(b) Exchange (without taking into account any concurrent or subsequent Exchanges) and (B) if, as a result of a subsequent
Exchange, an increased portion of the Basis Adjustments resulting from such Section 734(b) Exchange or any payments hereunder in respect
of such Section 734(b) Exchange becomes allocable to PubCo, then the Exchange TRA Party that makes such subsequent Exchange shall be
entitled to a Tax Benefit Payment calculated in respect of such increased portion. For purposes of this Agreement, such Basis Adjustments
resulting from subsequent Section 734(b) Exchanges as described in (B) in the previous sentence shall be reported and treated as Exchange
Basis for purposes of this Agreement.

(iii)
Applicable Principles for Exchange Basis and Blocker Transferred Basis. For the avoidance of doubt, the Realized Tax Benefit (or
the Realized Tax Detriment) attributable to the Exchange Basis or Blocker Transferred Basis is intended to represent the decrease (or
increase) in the actual liability for Taxes of PubCo for such Taxable Year attributable to the Tax deductions resulting from the Tax
basis of the Reference Assets measured immediately prior to the Business Combination in excess of Tax deductions resulting from the BCA
Basis.

Section
2.3. Procedures, Amendments.

(a)
Procedure. Every time PubCo delivers to the TRA Party Representative a Schedule under this Agreement, including any Amended Schedule
delivered pursuant to Section 2.3(b), PubCo shall also deliver schedules, valuation reports, if any, and work papers, as determined
by PubCo or reasonably requested by the TRA Party Representative, providing reasonable detail regarding the preparation of the Schedule,
and allow the TRA Party Representative reasonable access at no cost to the appropriate representatives of PubCo, as determined by PubCo
or requested by the TRA Party Representative, in connection with the review of such Schedule. Without limiting the application of the
preceding sentence, each time PubCo delivers to the TRA Party Representative a Tax Benefit Schedule, in addition to the Tax Benefit Schedule
duly completed, PubCo shall also deliver to the TRA Party Representative a reasonably detailed calculation of the applicable Hypothetical
Tax Liability, a reasonably detailed calculation of the applicable Actual Tax Liability, as well as any other work papers considered
relevant by PubCo or requested by the TRA Party Representative, provided that PubCo shall not be required to provide any information
that it reasonably believes is unnecessary for purposes of determining the items in the applicable Schedule or amendment thereto. Subject
to Section 2.3(b), an applicable Schedule or amendment thereto shall become final and binding on all parties thirty (30) calendar
days after the first date on which the TRA Party Representative has received the applicable Schedule or amendment thereto unless (i)
the TRA Party Representative provides PubCo before such date with notice of a material objection to such Schedule (“Objection
Notice”) made in good faith or (ii) the TRA Party Representative provides a written waiver of such right of any Objection Notice
before such date (in which case such Schedule or amendment thereto becomes binding on the date such waiver has been received by PubCo).
If PubCo and the TRA Party Representative, for any reason, are unable to successfully resolve the issues raised in an Objection Notice
within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by PubCo of an Objection Notice, then PubCo and the TRA Party Representative shall employ
the reconciliation procedures described in Section 7.8 of this Agreement (the “Reconciliation Procedures”).
The TRA Party Representative will fairly represent the interests of each of the TRA Parties and shall use reasonable efforts to timely
raise and pursue, in accordance with this Section 2.3(a), any reasonable objection to a Schedule or amendment thereto timely communicated
in writing to the TRA Party Representative by a TRA Party.

16

(b)
Amended Schedule. The applicable Schedule for any Taxable Year may be amended from time to time by PubCo (i) in connection with
a Determination affecting such Schedule, (ii) to correct inaccuracies in the Schedule identified after the date the Schedule was provided
to the TRA Party Representative, (iii) to comply with the Expert’s determination under the Reconciliation Procedures, (iv) to reflect
a change in the Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for such Taxable Year attributable to a carryback or carryforward of a
loss or other tax item to such Taxable Year, or (v) to reflect a change in the Realized Tax Benefit or Realized Tax Detriment for such
Taxable Year attributable to an amended Tax Return filed for such Taxable Year (any such Schedule, an “Amended Schedule”).
PubCo shall provide to the TRA Party Representative an Amended Schedule, along with reasonable detail regarding the preparation of the
applicable portion of such Amended Schedule, within sixty (60) calendar days of the occurrence of an event referenced in clauses (i)
through (v) of the first sentence of this Section 2.3(b).

ARTICLE
III.

TAX BENEFIT PAYMENTS

Section
3.1. Timing and Amount of Tax Benefit Payments.

(a)
Within five (5) Business Days after a Tax Benefit Schedule delivered to the TRA Party Representative becomes final in accordance with
Section 2.3(a), PubCo shall pay or cause to be paid to each TRA Party for such Taxable Year an amount equal to the excess, if
any, of (i) the Tax Benefit Payment in respect of such TRA Party for such Taxable Year determined pursuant to Section 3.1(b) over
(ii) the aggregate amount of Advance Payments previously made to such TRA Party in respect of such Taxable Year; provided that, if PubCo
makes Advance Payments, it shall make Advance Payments to all parties eligible to receive payments under this Agreement with respect
to a particular Taxable Year in proportion to their respective amount of anticipated payments under this Agreement in respect of such
Taxable Year. Each such Tax Benefit Payment or such Advance Payment shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to
the bank account previously designated by such TRA Party to PubCo or as otherwise agreed by PubCo and such TRA Party. PubCo shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to respond to any reasonable inquiry of a TRA Party (or the TRA Party Representative on behalf of
such TRA Party) in regard to the calculation of the amount payable to such TRA Party pursuant to any Schedule delivered under this Agreement,
including the calculation of the Tax Benefit Payment in respect of such TRA Party for such Taxable Year. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement, with respect to each Exchange by or with respect to any Exchange TRA Party, if such Exchange TRA Party
notifies PubCo in writing of a stated maximum selling price (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 15A.453-1(c)(2)), then
the amount of the consideration received in connection with such Exchange and the aggregate Tax Benefit Payments to such Exchange TRA
Party in respect of such Exchange (other than amounts accounted for as interest under the Code) shall not exceed such stated maximum
selling price.

17

(b)
A “Tax Benefit Payment” in respect of a TRA Party means an amount, not less than zero, equal to the sum of the portion
of the Net Tax Benefit that is Attributable to such TRA Party and the Interest Amount with respect thereto. For the avoidance of doubt,
for Tax purposes, the Interest Amount shall not be treated as interest, but instead shall be treated as additional consideration in the
applicable transaction, unless otherwise required by law. The “Net Tax Benefit” for a Taxable Year shall be an amount
equal to the excess, if any, of 85% of the Cumulative Net Realized Tax Benefit as of the end of such Taxable Year over the sum of the
total amount of payments previously made under Section 3.1(a) (excluding payments attributable to Interest Amounts) and the Advance
Payments previously made under Section 3.1(b) of this Agreement (excluding any portion of Advance Payments in respect of anticipated
Interest Amounts); provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that a TRA Party shall not be required to return any portion of any previously
made Tax Benefit Payment or Advance Payment it receives under this Agreement. The “Interest Amount” in respect of
the TRA Party shall equal the interest on the amount of the unpaid Net Tax Benefit Attributable to such TRA Party for a Taxable Year,
which interest shall accrue on any unpaid Net Tax Benefit from and after the due date (without extensions) for filing the IRS Form 1120
(or any successor form) for PubCo for such Taxable Year, calculated at the Agreed Rate, until the date such unpaid amounts are paid.
“Advance Payments” in respect of a TRA Party for a Taxable Year means the payments made by PubCo to such TRA Party
as an advance of such TRA Party’s anticipated Tax Benefit Payment for such Taxable Year. PubCo shall be entitled at its option
to make Advance Payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, after any lump-sum payment under Article IV of
this Agreement in respect of present or future Relevant Tax Attributes, such Relevant Tax Attributes shall no longer be considered Relevant
Tax Attributes for purposes of determining Tax Benefit Payments or the Net Tax Benefit.

Section
3.2. No Duplicative Payments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, it is intended that the provisions of this Agreement will not result in duplicative payment of any amount (including
interest) required under this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed consistent with such intent.

Section
3.3. Pro Rata Payments.

(a)
 Notwithstanding anything in Section 3.1 to the contrary, to the extent that the aggregate Realized Tax Benefit of PubCo with
respect to the Relevant Tax Attributes is limited in a particular Taxable Year because PubCo does not have sufficient taxable income,
the Net Tax Benefit for that Taxable Year shall be allocated among all parties then-eligible to receive Tax Benefit Payments under this
Agreement in proportion to the amounts of Net Tax Benefit for that Taxable Year, respectively, that would have been Attributable to each
TRA Party if PubCo had sufficient taxable income so that there were no such limitation. For the avoidance of doubt, the determination
of whether Tax Benefit Payments are held-back pursuant to Section 3.4, shall not be relevant in the determination of whether a
Net Tax Benefit is eligible to be allocated to the relevant TRA Party for purposes of this Section 3.3(a).

18

(b)
After taking into account Section 3.3(a), if for any reason PubCo does not fully satisfy its payment obligations to make Tax Benefit
Payments due under this Agreement in respect of a particular Taxable Year (for example, as a result of having insufficient cash to make
the Tax Benefit Payments due hereunder), then PubCo and the TRA Parties agree that (i) PubCo shall make payments due hereunder to the
TRA Parties in respect of a Taxable Year in the same proportion as such payments would have been made if the relevant payment had been
made in full by PubCo, and (ii) no Tax Benefit Payment shall be made in respect of any Taxable Year until all Tax Benefit Payments in
respect of prior Taxable Years have been paid in full; provided, however, that any payments that were previously held by PubCo on behalf
of a TRA Party and have become due and payable pursuant to Section 3.4 shall be made prior to any other Tax Benefit Payments.

(c)
To the extent PubCo makes a payment to a TRA Party in respect of a particular Taxable Year under Section 3.1(a) of this Agreement
(taking into account Sections 3.3(a) and (b)) in an amount in excess of the amount of such payment that should have been
made to the TRA Party in respect of such Taxable Year, then (i) the TRA Party shall not receive further payments under Section 3.1(a)
until the TRA Party has forgone an amount of payments equal to such excess and (ii) PubCo shall pay the amount of the TRA Party’s
forgone payments to other TRA Parties (to the extent applicable) in a manner such that each of the other TRA Parties, to the extent possible,
shall have received aggregate payments under Sections 3.1(a) and (b) in the amount it would have received if there had
been no excess payment to the TRA Party.

Section 3.4. BCA Basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, any and all Tax Benefit Payments that would otherwise be made pursuant to this Agreement with respect to any BCA Basis shall be
held by PubCo for the benefit of the applicable TRA Party (without any interest thereon) until such time as such TRA Party has exchanged
Units in one or more Exchanges equal to [10%] of the Units held by such TRA Party determined prior to the Business Combination (such Units,
with respect to each TRA Party, such TRA Party’s “Threshold Exchange Units”). Promptly following the time any
such TRA Party has exchanged, in the aggregate, a number of Units equal to or exceeding the Threshold Exchange Units, such withheld amount
shall be paid by PubCo to the applicable TRA Party. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all Blocker TRA Parties (with respect
to the Units held by the Blocker and acquired by PubCo as part of the Business Combination) shall be deemed to have exchanged any Threshold
Exchange Units held by such Blocker TRA Party in the Business Combination, and, therefore, no amounts shall be held back pursuant to this
Section 3.4 to such Blocker TRA Parties.

19

Section
3.5. Withholding. PubCo and its affiliates and representatives shall be
entitled to deduct and withhold from any payment that is payable to any TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as are required
to be deducted or withheld with respect to the making of such payment in accordance with the Code or any provision of U.S. state, local
or foreign tax law (including for this purpose any withholding required by PubCo or its affiliates that may be required in connection
with an Exchange). To the extent that amounts are so deducted or withheld and promptly paid over to the appropriate Taxing Authority,
such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid by PubCo to the relevant TRA Party. PubCo shall
provide evidence of such payment to each TRA Party in respect of which such deduction or withholding is required, to the extent that
such evidence is available. Each TRA Party shall promptly provide PubCo with any applicable tax forms and certifications reasonably requested
by PubCo in connection with determining whether any such deductions and withholdings are required under the Code or any provision of
U.S. state, local or foreign tax law. PubCo will consider in good faith any applicable certificates, forms or documentation provided
by a TRA Party that in such TRA Party’s reasonable determination reduce or eliminate any such withholding.

ARTICLE
IV.

TERMINATION

Section
4.1. Early Termination of Agreement; Breach of Agreement.

(a)
With the prior written approval of the Board (or any Person(s) to whom the Board has delegated such authority), PubCo may terminate this
Agreement with respect to all amounts payable to the TRA Parties at any time by paying to each TRA Party the Early Termination Payment
in respect of the TRA Party; provided, however, that (i) this Agreement shall only terminate pursuant to this Section 4.1(a) upon
the receipt in full of the Early Termination Payment by the TRA Parties, (ii) PubCo shall deliver an Early Termination Notice only if
it is able to make all required Early Termination Payments under this Agreement, and (iii) PubCo may withdraw any notice to execute its
termination rights under this Section 4.1(a) prior to the time at which any Early Termination Payment has been paid.

(b)
In the event that PubCo breaches any of its material obligations under this Agreement, whether as a result of a failure to make any payment
when due, a failure to honor any other material obligation required hereunder or by operation of law as a result of the rejection of
this Agreement in a case commenced under the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, and PubCo fails to cure such breach within 20 Business Days
of the TRA Party Representative informing PubCo of such breach, then, at the election of the TRA Party Representative, all obligations
hereunder shall be accelerated and such obligations shall be calculated as if an Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the date
of such breach. Procedures similar to the procedures of Section 4.2 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, with respect to the
determination of the amounts payable by PubCo pursuant to this Section 4.1(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing (i), in the event
that PubCo breaches any of its material obligations under this Agreement, the TRA Party Representative shall be entitled to elect on
behalf of all TRA Parties to receive the amounts referred to in this Section 4.1(b) or to seek specific performance of the terms
of this Agreement and (ii), if PubCo fails to make any Tax Benefit Payment when due, to the extent that PubCo has insufficient funds
to make such payment despite using reasonable best efforts to obtain funds to make such payment (including by causing the Company or
any other Subsidiaries of the Company to distribute or lend funds to facilitate such payment, and by accessing any revolving credit facilities
or other sources of available credit to fund any such amounts), such failure shall not be a breach of this Agreement until the earlier
of (w) PubCo having sufficient cash to pay such balance and (x) the one-year anniversary of the receipt of the notice for such payment;
provided, that (y) the interest provisions of Section 5.3 shall apply to such late payment, and (z) if PubCo does not have sufficient
cash to make such payment as a result of limitations imposed by existing credit agreements to which PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party, which limitations are effective after the date of this Agreement, Section 5.3 shall apply, but the Default Rate shall
be replaced by the Agreed Rate.

20

(c)
In connection with a Change of Control, all obligations under this Agreement with respect to the applicable TRA Parties shall be accelerated
and such obligations shall be calculated as if an Early Termination Notice had been delivered on the closing date of the Change of Control.
Section 4.2 and Section 4.3 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, with respect to the determination of the amounts payable
by PubCo.

Section
4.2. Early Termination Notice. If PubCo chooses to exercise its right of
early termination under Section 4.1(a) above, PubCo shall deliver to the TRA Party Representative such intention to exercise such
right (“Early Termination Notice”). In addition, if PubCo chooses to exercise its right of early termination under
Section 4.1(a) above, or the obligations under this Agreement are accelerated under Section 4.1(b) or Section 4.1(c)
above, PubCo shall deliver to the TRA Party Representative a schedule (the “Early Termination Schedule”) showing
in reasonable detail the calculation of the Early Termination Payment due to each TRA Party. Such Early Termination Schedule shall become
final and binding on all parties consistent with the procedures described in Section 2.3(a). The date on which the Early Termination
Schedule becomes final shall be the “Early Termination Effective Date.”

Section
4.3. Payment upon Early Termination.

(a)
Within three (3) calendar days after an Early Termination Effective Date, PubCo shall pay to the TRA Parties an amount equal to the Early
Termination Payment in respect of such TRA Party; provided, however, that any amount payable pursuant to this Agreement as a result of
a Change of Control shall be paid concurrently with the consummation of such Change of Control. Such payment shall be made by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to a bank account or accounts designated by the TRA Party or as otherwise agreed by PubCo and such TRA
Party.

(b)
“Early Termination Payment” in respect of a TRA Party shall equal (i) the present value, discounted at the Early Termination
Rate, as of the date of the Early Termination Notice, of all Tax Benefit Payments in respect of such TRA Party that would be required
to be paid by PubCo beginning from the date of the Early Termination Notice and applying the Valuation Assumptions, plus (ii) any Tax
Benefit Payment due and payable with respect to such TRA Party that is unpaid as of the date of the Early Termination Notice, plus (iii)
(without duplication) interest accruing on the amounts described in clauses (i) through (ii) (which shall include interest accruing on
the amount described in clause (i) from the date of the Early Termination Notice).

(c)
Upon the payment of the Early Termination Payment by PubCo to a TRA Party, PubCo shall not have any further payment obligations under
this Agreement in respect of such TRA Party.

21

ARTICLE
V.

SUBORDINATION; CERTAIN TAX COVENANTS; LATE PAYMENTS

Section
5.1. Subordination.

(a)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any Tax Benefit Payment or Early Termination Payment required
to be made by PubCo under this Agreement shall rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to any principal, interest, or other amounts
due and payable in respect of any obligations owed in respect of secured or unsecured indebtedness for borrowed money of PubCo and its
Subsidiaries (“Senior Obligations”) and shall rank pari passu in right of payment with all current or future
unsecured obligations of PubCo that are not Senior Obligations.

(b)
To the extent that any payment under this Agreement is not permitted to be made at the time payment is due as a result of this Section
5.1 and the terms of the agreements governing Senior Obligations, such payment obligation nevertheless shall accrue for the benefit
of the applicable TRA Parties and PubCo shall make such payments at the first opportunity that such payments are permitted to be made
in accordance with the terms of the Senior Obligations (it being understood that interest shall accrue on the amount of such unpaid obligation
in accordance with the terms hereof).

(c)
Payments under any tax receivable agreement or similar agreement (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement) entered into
after the date hereof or as part of any transaction entered into after the date hereof in which PubCo, the Company or their Subsidiaries
would be required to pay the parties thereto for tax attributes shall be subordinate to all payments owed pursuant to this Agreement,
and no such payments shall be made for so long as PubCo has any unpaid obligation pursuant this Agreement.

(d)
PubCo shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain sufficient available funds for the purpose of making required payments
under this Agreement and avoid entering into credit agreements or Senior Obligations that could be reasonably anticipated to materially
delay the timing of any payments under this Agreement.

Section
5.2. Certain Tax Covenants.

(a)
PubCo hereby agrees and warrants to each TRA Party (i) that it will not cause the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to convert
into, or elect to be treated as, a corporation for Tax purposes without the prior written consent of the TRA Party Representative, (ii)
that it will not cause the Company to contribute any of its assets (other than any assets with a de minimis aggregate gross value)
into one or more Subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for Tax purposes, or cause the Company to liquidate or distribute in kind
any of its non-cash assets to its members, without the prior written consent of the TRA Party Representative, and (iii) that it will
cause the Company, and any Subsidiary that is treated as a partnership for Tax purposes, to make valid Section 754 elections (and all
comparable elections under applicable state and local tax law) for its first Taxable Year ending after the date of this Agreement and
it will not seek to revoke any such election until PubCo has received all possible tax benefits from all Basis Adjustments and Imputed
Interest in respect of which PubCo may be required to make any payments under this Agreement to the TRA Parties.

22

(b)
PubCo hereby agrees that prior to (i) any proposed Interest Sale (as defined in Section 5.2(c)) or (ii) any proposed sale or other
disposition of all or any substantial part of the non-cash assets of the Company, it shall deliver to each TRA Party notice of such proposed
transaction at least thirty (30) days prior to the consummation thereof and afford each TRA Party that still holds Units the opportunity
to Exchange all or part of such Units prior to such date.

(c)
For purposes of this Agreement, (i) any sale or other disposition of all or any part of PubCo’s interest in the Company (an “Interest
Sale”) shall be deemed to be comprised of a sale or other disposition of a pro rata portion of each of the separate interests
held by PubCo (i.e., the original interest of PubCo as of the date of this Agreement and each additional interest acquired hereafter
by Exchange or otherwise), regardless of whether such separate interests can be (or are) identified and separately conveyed, and (ii)
notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, for purposes of determining the payments due to the TRA Parties hereunder attributable
to such Interest Sale, each such separate interest that was acquired from a TRA Party pursuant to an Exchange shall be treated as a Reference
Asset and the Basis Adjustment with respect thereto shall be the excess of the tax basis of PubCo in such interest immediately after
such Exchange over the tax basis of such TRA Party in the applicable Units immediately before such Exchange (with such Basis Adjustment
to be increased as appropriate to reflect payments by PubCo to such TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement and to be decreased as appropriate
to reflect the depreciation or amortization attributable to the correlative Basis Adjustments to the underlying assets of the Company).

Section
5.3. Late Payments by PubCo. The amount of all or any portion of any Tax
Benefit Payment, Early Termination Payment or other payment under this Agreement not made to the TRA Parties when due under the terms
of this Agreement shall be payable together with any interest thereon, computed at the Default Rate and commencing from the date on which
such Tax Benefit Payment, Early Termination Payment or other payment was due and payable.

ARTICLE
VI.

TAX MATTERS; CONSISTENCY; COOPERATION

Section
6.1. Participation in PubCo’s and the Company’s Tax Matters.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement or the Company LLC Agreement, PubCo shall have full
responsibility for, and sole discretion over, all Tax matters concerning PubCo, the Company and their Subsidiaries, including the preparation,
filing or amending of any Tax Return and defending, contesting or settling any issue pertaining to Taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing,

(i)
PubCo shall notify the TRA Party Representative in writing of the commencement of, and keep the TRA Party Representative reasonably informed
with respect to, the portion of any audit of PubCo, the Company or any of their Subsidiaries by a Taxing Authority the outcome of which
would reasonably be expected to materially affect the rights and obligations of a TRA Party under this Agreement, including the Tax Benefit
Payments payable to TRA Parties,

23

(ii)
shall provide to the TRA Party Representative reasonable opportunity (at the cost and expense of the TRA Party Representative, on behalf
of the TRA Parties) to participate in or provide information and other input to PubCo, the Company and their Subsidiaries, as applicable,
and their respective advisors concerning the conduct of any such portion of such audit, which PubCo, the Company and their Subsidiaries
(including their advisors) shall consider in good faith; and

(iii)
PubCo, the Company and their Subsidiaries, as applicable, shall not enter into any settlement with respect to any such portion of such
audit that could have a material adverse effect on the TRA Parties’ rights to receive payments under this Agreement without the
written consent of the TRA Party Representative, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

Section
6.2. Reconciliation. In the event that PubCo and the TRA Party Representative
are unable to resolve a disagreement with respect to a Schedule (a “Reconciliation Dispute”), the Reconciliation
Dispute shall be submitted for determination to a nationally recognized expert (the “Expert”) in the particular area
of disagreement mutually acceptable to such parties. The Expert shall be a partner or principal in a nationally recognized accounting
firm. If PubCo and the TRA Party Representative are unable to agree on an Expert within fifteen (15) calendar days of receipt by the
respondent(s) of written notice of a Reconciliation Dispute, the selection of an Expert shall be treated as a dispute subject to Section
7.8 and an arbitration panel shall pick an Expert. The Expert shall resolve any matter relating to a Schedule or an amendment thereto
as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within thirty (30) calendar days after the matter has been submitted to the Expert
for resolution. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the matter is not resolved before any payment that is the subject of a disagreement
would be due (in the absence of such disagreement) or any Tax Return reflecting the subject of a disagreement is due, the undisputed
amount shall be paid on the date prescribed by this Agreement and such Tax Return may be filed as prepared by PubCo, subject to adjustment
or amendment upon resolution. The costs and expenses relating to the engagement of such Expert or amending any Tax Return shall be borne
by PubCo except as provided in the next sentence. PubCo and the TRA Party Representative shall bear their own costs and expenses of such
proceeding, unless (i) the Expert entirely adopts the position of the TRA Party Representative, in which case PubCo shall reimburse the
TRA Party Representative for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding, or (ii) the Expert entirely
adopts PubCo’s position, in which case Tax Benefit Payments to the TRA Parties that would have increased Tax Benefit Payments if
the position of the TRA Party Representative had been adopted shall be reduced proportionately in the aggregate by any reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses in such proceeding. The Expert shall finally determine any Reconciliation Dispute and the
determinations of the Expert pursuant to this Section 6.2 shall be binding on PubCo and the TRA Parties and may be entered and
enforced in any court having competent jurisdiction.

Section
6.3. Consistency. PubCo and the TRA Parties agree to report and cause to
be reported for all purposes, including federal, state and local Tax purposes and financial reporting purposes, all Tax-related items
(including, without limitation, the Basis Adjustments and each Tax Benefit Payment) in a manner consistent with that specified in any
Schedule finalized consistent with the terms of this Agreement, unless otherwise required by a contrary Determination by an applicable
Taxing Authority.

24

Section
6.4. Cooperation. Each of PubCo, the Company and the TRA Parties shall (a)
furnish to the other parties in a timely manner such information, documents and other materials as the other party may reasonably request
for purposes of making any determination or computation necessary or appropriate under this Agreement, preparing any Tax Return or defending
any audit, examination or controversy with any Taxing Authority, (b) make itself reasonably available to the other parties and their
respective representatives to provide explanations of documents and material and such other information as the other party or its representatives
may reasonably request in connection with any of the matters described in clause (a) above, and (c) reasonably cooperate in connection
with any such matter, and PubCo shall reimburse each TRA Party for any reasonable third-party costs and expenses incurred pursuant to
this Section 6.4 at the request of PubCo or the Company.

Section
6.5. Election Under Section 754 of the Code. PubCo will ensure that the
Company and each of its direct and indirect Subsidiaries that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes will have
in effect an election under Section 754 of the Code commencing with the effective date of this Agreement and shall maintain such election
throughout the term of this Agreement.

Section
6.6. Change in Tax Law. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
if, in connection with an actual or proposed change in Tax law, a TRA Party reasonably believes that the existence of this Agreement
could cause income (other than income arising from receipt of a payment under this Agreement) recognized by such TRA Party upon any Exchange
to be treated as ordinary income rather than capital gain (or otherwise taxed at ordinary income rates) for U.S. federal income and all
applicable state and local Tax purposes or would have other material adverse Tax consequences to the TRA Party and/or its direct or indirect
owners, then at the election of such TRA Party and to the extent specified by the TRA Party, this Agreement (i) shall cease to have further
effect with respect to such TRA Party, (ii) shall not apply to an Exchange by the TRA Party occurring after a date specified by it, or
(iii) shall otherwise be amended in a manner determined by the TRA Party to waive any benefits to which such TRA Party would otherwise
be entitled under this Agreement, provided that such amendment shall not result in an increase in or acceleration of payments under this
Agreement at any time as compared to the amounts and times of payments that would have been due in the absence of such amendment.

ARTICLE
VII.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section
7.1. Notices. All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall
be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) by delivery in person, by courier service, by electronic mail (delivery receipt requested)
or by certified or registered mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective Parties at the following addresses (or
at such other address for a Party as shall be as specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 7.1):

25

If
to PubCo, or the Company, to:

[●]

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice to PubCo or the Company) to:

[●]

If
to the TRA Party Representative:

[●]

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice to the TRA Party Representative) to:

[●]

Any
party hereto may change its address or e-mail address by giving each of the other parties hereto written notice thereof in the manner
set forth above.

Section
7.2. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page to this Agreement by facsimile transmission
shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this Agreement.

Section
7.3. Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each Party hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person
any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

Section
7.4. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof that would mandate the
application of the laws of another jurisdiction.

Section
7.5. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in
any manner materially adverse to any party hereto. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable
of being enforced, such term or provision is hereby deemed modified to give effect to the original written intent of the parties to the
greatest extent consistent with being valid and enforceable under applicable law. No party hereto shall assert, and each party shall
cause its Affiliates or related parties not to assert, that this Agreement or any part hereof is invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

26

Section
7.6. Assignments; Amendments; Successors; No Waiver.

(a)
Assignment. No TRA Party is permitted to assign, sell, transfer, pledge, delegate, or otherwise dispose of any interest, right
or obligation under this Agreement without the prior written approval of the Board (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed);
provided, that to the extent Units are transferred in accordance with the terms of the Company LLC Agreement, the transferring TRA Party
shall assign to the transferee of such Units the transferring TRA Party’s rights under this Agreement as long as such transferee
has executed and delivered or, in connection with such transfer, executes and delivers, a Joinder agreeing to become a “TRA Party”
for all purposes of this Agreement.

(b)
Amendments. No provision of this Agreement may be amended unless such amendment is approved in writing by each of PubCo and by
TRA Parties who would be entitled to receive more than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate amount of the Early Termination Payments
payable to all TRA Parties hereunder if PubCo had exercised its right of Early Termination on the date of the most recent Exchange prior
to such amendment (excluding, for purposes of this sentence, all payments made to any TRA Party pursuant to this Agreement since the
date of such most recent Exchange); provided, however, that no such amendment shall be effective if such amendment would have
a disproportionate effect on the payments certain TRA Parties will or may receive under this Agreement unless all such disproportionately
affected TRA Parties consent in writing to such amendment.

(c)
Successors. Except as provided in Section 7.6(a), all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon,
and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and their respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs,
executors, administrators and legal representatives. PubCo shall require and cause any direct or indirect successor (whether by purchase,
merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of PubCo, by written agreement, expressly to
assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that PubCo would be required to perform if no such
succession had taken place.

(d)
Waiver. No failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement, or condition of this Agreement,
or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof, shall constitute a waiver of any such breach or any other covenant,
duty, agreement, or condition.

Section
7.7. Titles and Subtitles. The titles of the sections and subsections of
this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in construing this Agreement.

Section
7.8. Resolution of Disputes.

(a)
Any and all disputes which cannot be settled amicably after good faith negotiations, including any ancillary claims of any party, arising
out of, relating to or in connection with the validity, negotiation, execution, interpretation, performance or non-performance of this
Agreement (including the validity, scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision) shall be finally settled by arbitration conducted
by a single arbitrator in the state of Delaware in accordance with the then-existing Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber
of Commerce. If the parties to the dispute fail to agree on the selection of an arbitrator within ten (10) calendar days of the receipt
of the request for arbitration, the International Chamber of Commerce shall make the appointment. The arbitrator shall be a lawyer and
shall conduct the proceedings in the English language. Performance under this Agreement shall continue if reasonably possible during
any arbitration proceedings.

27

(b)
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 7.8(a), PubCo and the TRA Party Representative may bring an action or special proceeding
in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of compelling another party to arbitrate, seeking temporary or preliminary relief
in aid of an arbitration hereunder, and/or enforcing an arbitration award and, for the purposes of this Section 7.8(b), each TRA
Party (i) expressly consents to the application of Section 7.8(b) to any such action or proceeding, (ii) agrees that proof shall
not be required that monetary damages for breach of the provisions of this Agreement would be difficult to calculate and that remedies
at law would be inadequate, and (iii) irrevocably appoints PubCo as each TRA Party’s agent for service of process in connection
with any such action or proceeding and agrees that service of process upon such agent, who shall promptly advise such TRA Party of any
such service of process, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such TRA Party in any such action or proceeding.

(c)
(i) EACH TRA PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF COURTS LOCATED IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY JUDICIAL
PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 7.8(B), OR ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING ANCILLARY TO AN ARBITRATION
OR CONTEMPLATED ARBITRATION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO OR CONCERNING THIS AGREEMENT. Such ancillary judicial proceedings include any
suit, action or proceeding to compel arbitration, to obtain temporary or preliminary judicial relief in aid of arbitration, or to confirm
an arbitration award. The parties acknowledge that the forum designated by this Section 7.8(c) has a reasonable relation to this
Agreement, and to the parties’ relationship with one another.

(ii)
The parties hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which they now or hereafter may have to personal
jurisdiction or to the laying of venue of any such ancillary suit, action or proceeding brought in any court referred to in Section
7.8(c)(i) of this Section 7.8 and such parties agree not to plead or claim the same.

Section
7.9. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT
ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER OR RELATE TO THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE
EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTION
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE BREACH OR VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) EACH SUCH
PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (iii) EACH SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) EACH
SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION
7.9.

28

Section
7.10. Confidentiality. Each TRA Party and its assignees acknowledges and agrees that the information
of PubCo and its Affiliates provided pursuant to this Agreement is confidential and, except in the course of performing any duties as
necessary for PubCo and its Affiliates, as required by law or legal process or to enforce the terms of this Agreement, such Person shall
keep and retain in the strictest confidence and not disclose to any Person any confidential matters of PubCo and its Affiliates and successors
acquired pursuant to this Agreement. This Section 7.10 shall not apply to (i) any information that has been made publicly available
by PubCo, becomes public knowledge (except as a result of an act of any TRA Party in violation of this Agreement) or is generally known
to the business community, (ii) the disclosure of information to the extent necessary for a TRA Party to prosecute or defend claims arising
under or relating to this Agreement, (iii) the disclosure of information to the extent necessary for a TRA Party to prepare and file
its Tax Returns, to respond to any inquiries regarding the same from any Taxing Authority or to prosecute or defend any action, proceeding
or audit by any Taxing Authority with respect to such Tax Returns, and (iv) the disclosure to any potential assignee or transferee of
information in connection with an assignment, sale, pledge, alienation or transfer of any interest in this Agreement pursuant to Section
7.6(a) so long as such potential assignee or transferee agrees to be subject to the provisions of this Section 7.10. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent required by applicable law or to the extent reasonably necessary for a TRA
Party to comply with any applicable reportable transaction requirements under applicable law, each TRA Party (and each employee, representative
or other agent of the TRA Party, as applicable) may disclose the Tax treatment and Tax structure of PubCo, the Company and their Subsidiaries,
and any of their transactions, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other Tax analyses) that are provided to the TRA
Party relating to such Tax treatment and Tax structure.

Section
7.11. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the interest
paid or agreed to be paid hereunder with respect to amounts due to any TRA Party hereunder shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious
interest permitted by applicable law (the “Maximum Rate”). If any TRA Party shall receive interest in an amount that
exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the Tax Benefit Payment, Advance Payment or Early Termination Payment,
as applicable (but in each case exclusive of any component thereof comprising interest) or, if it exceeds such unpaid non-interest amount,
refunded to PubCo. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by any TRA Party exceeds the Maximum Rate,
such TRA Party may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee,
or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread
in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the payment obligations owed by PubCo to such
TRA Party hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the intention of the parties hereto to conform strictly to any applicable usury
laws. If at any time PubCo determines that LIBOR will no longer generally be used for determining interest rates for leveraged syndicated
loans in the United States from and after a specific date, PubCo and the TRA Party Representative shall endeavor to establish an alternative
rate of interest to LIBOR that gives due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for
leveraged syndicated loans in the United States at such time and references to LIBOR herein shall thereafter be deemed to refer to such
agreed rate; provided, that at no time shall such agreed rate be less than 0%.

29

Section
7.12. Independent Nature of Rights and Obligations.

(a)
The rights and obligations of the each TRA Party hereunder are several and not joint with the rights and obligations of any other Person.
A TRA Party shall not be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Person hereunder, nor shall a TRA
Party have the right to enforce the rights or obligations of any other Person hereunder (other than PubCo). Nothing contained herein
or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any TRA Party pursuant hereto or thereto, shall
be deemed to constitute the TRA Parties acting as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create
a presumption that the TRA Parties are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such rights or obligations or the transactions
contemplated hereby, and PubCo acknowledges that the TRA Parties are not acting in concert or as a group and will not assert any such
claim with respect to such rights or obligations or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b)
Except as otherwise explicitly provided in this Agreement, the actions of a TRA Party pursuant to and in accordance with this Agreement
shall be binding only with respect to such TRA Party and not with respect to the any other TRA Party. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, no TRA Party shall owe any duties (fiduciary or otherwise) to any other TRA Party or any other Person in determining to take
or refrain from taking any action or decision under or in connection with this Agreement.

Section
7.13. TRA Party Representative.

(a)
By executing this Agreement, each of the TRA Parties shall be deemed to have irrevocably constituted the TRA Party Representative as
his, her or its agent and attorney in fact with full power of substitution to act from and after the date hereof and to do any and all
things and execute any and all documents on behalf of such TRA Parties which may be necessary, convenient or appropriate to facilitate
any matters under this Agreement, including but not limited to: (i) execution of the documents and certificates required pursuant to
this Agreement; (ii) except to the extent specifically provided in this Agreement receipt and forwarding of notices and communications
pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) administration of the provisions of this Agreement; (iv) any and all consents, waivers, amendments
or modifications deemed by the TRA Party Representative, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be necessary or appropriate under this
Agreement and the execution or delivery of any documents that may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith; (v) amending this
Agreement or any of the instruments to be delivered to PubCo pursuant to this Agreement; (vi) taking actions the TRA Party Representative
is expressly authorized to take pursuant to the other provisions of this Agreement; (vii) negotiating and compromising, on behalf of
such TRA Parties, any dispute that may arise under, and exercising or refraining from exercising any remedies available under, this Agreement
or any other agreement contemplated hereby and executing, on behalf of such TRA Parties, any settlement agreement, release or other document
with respect to such dispute or remedy; and (viii) engaging attorneys, accountants, agents or consultants on behalf of such TRA Parties
in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby and paying any fees related thereto.

30

(b)
The TRA Party Representative may resign upon thirty (30) days’ written notice to PubCo; provided, that a replacement TRA Party
Representative shall have first been identified and agreed to by a plurality vote of the TRA Parties ratably in accordance with their
right to receive Early Termination Payments hereunder if all Exchange TRA Parties had fully Exchanged their Units for Class A Common
Stock or other consideration and PubCo had exercised its right of early termination on the date of the most recent Exchange.

(c)
All reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the TRA Party Representative in its capacity as such shall be
promptly reimbursed by PubCo upon invoice and reasonable support therefor by the TRA Party Representative.

(d)
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the TRA Party Representative, any of its Affiliates, or any of the TRA Party Representative’s
or Affiliate’s directors, officers, employees or other agents (each a “Covered Person”) shall be liable, responsible
or accountable in damages or otherwise to any TRA Party, the Company or PubCo for damages arising from any action taken or omitted to
be taken by the TRA Party Representative or any other Person with respect to the Company or PubCo, except in the case of any action or
omission which constitutes, with respect to such Person, willful misconduct or fraud. Each of the Covered Persons may consult with legal
counsel, accountants, and other experts selected by it, and any act or omission suffered or taken by it on behalf of the Company or PubCo
or in furtherance of the interests of the Company or PubCo in good faith in reliance upon and in accordance with the advice of such counsel,
accountants, or other experts shall create a rebuttable presumption of the good faith and due care of such Covered Person with respect
to such act or omission; provided, that such counsel, accountants, or other experts were selected with reasonable care. Each of the Covered
Persons may rely in good faith upon, and shall have no liability to the Company, PubCo or the TRA Parties for acting or refraining from
acting upon, any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, debenture, or
other paper or document reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties.

[Signature
Page Follows This Page]

31

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed or caused to be executed on their behalf this Agreement as of the date first written above.

PUBCO:

Velocity
 Acquisition Corp.

By:

Name: 

Title:

COMPANY:

BBQ
 Holding, LLC

By:

Name: 

Title:

[BLOCKER
TRA PARTIES]

By:

Name: 

Title:

[EXCHANGE
TRA PARTIES]

By:

Name: 

Title:

[Signature Page for Tax Receivable Agreement]

TRA
 PARTY REPRESENTATIVE

Steve
 Lebowitz

By:

Name: 

Title:

[●]

[●]

[Signature Page for Tax Receivable Agreement]

Annex
A: Exchange TRA Parties

Annex A-1

Annex
B: Blocker TRA Parties

Annex B-1

Exhibit
A: Form of Joinder 

A-1

Form
of Joinder

This
JOINDER (this “Joinder”) to the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined below), is by and among. Velocity Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation (including any successor corporation, “PubCo”), ______________________ (“Transferor”)
and ______________________ (“Permitted Transferee”).

WHEREAS,
on ______________________, Permitted Transferee shall acquire _____________________ percent of the Transferor’s right to receive
payments that may become due and payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined below) (the “Acquired Interests”)
from Transferor (the “Acquisition”); and

WHEREAS,
Transferor, in connection with the Acquisition, has required Permitted Transferee to execute and deliver this Joinder pursuant to Section
7.6(a) of the Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of [●], between PubCo and the TRA Parties (as defined therein) (the “Tax
Receivable Agreement”).

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

Section
1.1 Definitions. To the extent capitalized words used in this Joinder are not defined in this Joinder, such words shall have the
respective meanings set forth in the Tax Receivable Agreement.

Section
1.2 Acquisition. For good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the Transferor and the
Permitted Transferee, the Transferor hereby transfers and assigns absolutely to the Permitted Transferee all of the Acquired Interests.

Section
1.3 Joinder. Permitted Transferee hereby acknowledges and agrees (i) that it has received and read the Tax Receivable Agreement,(ii)
that the Permitted Transferee is acquiring the Acquired Interests in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Tax
Receivable Agreement and (iii) to become a “TRA Party” (as defined in the Tax Receivable Agreement) for all purposes of the
Tax Receivable Agreement.

Section
1.4 Notice. Any notice, request, consent, claim, demand, approval, waiver or other communication hereunder to Permitted Transferee
shall be delivered or sent to Permitted Transferee at the address set forth on the signature page hereto in accordance with Section 7.1
of the Tax Receivable Agreement.

Section
1.5 Governing Law. This Joinder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware.

A-2

PUBCO:

Velocity
 Acquisition Corp.

By:

Name: 

Title:

[Transferor]:

By:

Name: 

Title:

[Permitted
 Transferee]

By:

Name: 

Title: